Documentation about CPython. Make example programs work out of the box. (#23)
crate/micropython-cratedb: docs/cpython.md

# Running on CPython

> The module is being conceived for [MicroPython], but also works on [CPython].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module is designed for [MicroPython], but also works on [CPython].
```

## Setup

Install Python package and project manager [uv].
```shell
{apt,brew,pip,zypper} install uv
```

Create virtualenv, and install requirements.
```shell
uv venv
uv pip install requests
```

## Usage

Start CrateDB.
```shell
docker run --rm -it --name=cratedb \
  --publish=4200:4200 --publish=5432:5432 \
  --env=CRATE_HEAP_SIZE=2g crate:latest -Cdiscovery.type=single-node

> ```

Author: Should also add this snippet to the main README?

Author: Done. ✅
